Add listing and playing recorded interactive sessions to tsh docs (#18792)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/connect-your-client/tsh.mdx

...
```

# Interactive Recording

Within the Teleport cluster the Server and Kubernetes recorded sessions are available for listing and replay for authorized users via `tsh`.

> The same listings, including Desktop Access sessions, are available in the Web Console under the Audit Log in the Activity section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same listings, including Desktop Access sessions, are available in the Web Console under Sesison Recordings in the Activity section.
```

## List and Play Recordings

> Get the list of recording sessions. By default, recordings for the past 24 hours are shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the list of recorded sessions. By default, recordings for the past 24 hours are shown.
```

...
```

# Interactive Recording

> Within the Teleport cluster the `ssh` and `Kubernetes` recorded sessions are available for listing and replay for authorized users via `tsh`.

Reviewer: I don't think you need to code-block `ssh` or `Kubernetes` here. Just say "SSH and Kubernetes sessions"

Also, this sentence is pretty long. Maybe we can simplify:

> Recordings for SSH and Kubernetes sessions can be listed with the `tsh` tool.

Reviewer 2: Agreed re: code blocks. Additionally, aren't we replacing the term "SSH Access" with "Server Access"?

Author: Updated @zmb3 @alexfornuto

> The same listings including Desktops are available in the Web Console under the Audit Log in the Activity section.

Reviewer: Recordings are listed under "Session Recordings" - not under audit log, right?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The same listings, including Desktop Access sessions, are available in the Web Console under the Audit Log in the Activity section.
```

## List Recordings and Play

> Get the list of recordings.  Without specifying a time period the past 24 hour recordings are shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the list of recordings. By default, recordings for the past 24 hours are shown.
The time range can be customized with the `--last`, `--from-utc`, and `--to-utc` flags.
```

```code
$ tsh recordings ls
ID                                   Type Participants Hostname Timestamp           
------------------------------------ ---- ------------ -------- ------------------- 
b0a04442-70dc-4be8-9308-7b7901d2d600      jeff         dev       Nov 26 16:36:16 UTC 
c0a02222-70dc-4be8-9308-7b7901d2d600 kube alice                  Nov 26 20:36:16 UTC 
d0a04442-70dc-4be8-9308-7b7901d2d600      navin        test      Nov 26 16:36:16 UTC 
```

> If no type is specified that is a `ssh` session.

Reviewer: This seems like an oversight. We should fix this in the code.

Author: Addressing this in another PR

> To Play sessions type `tsh play <sessionid>`.  The screen will reset playing the interactive session with the timestamp in the upper right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To play sessions, use the `tsh play <sessionid>` command. The screen will reset playing the interactive session with the timestamp in the upper right.
```

```code
$ tsh play c0a02222-70dc-4be8-9308-7b7901d2d600
root@ubuntu:/# df                                                                     2022-11-26T21:20:52.715Z
Filesystem     1K-blocks    Used Available Use% Mounted on
overlay         20959212 4387284  16571928  21% /
tmpfs              65536       0     65536   0% /dev
tmpfs            1982720       0   1982720   0% /sys/fs/cgroup
/dev/nvme0n1p1  20959212 4387284  16571928  21% /etc/hosts
shm                65536       0     65536   0% /dev/shm
tmpfs            3410436      12   3410424   1% /run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount
tmpfs            1982720       0   1982720   0% /proc/acpi
tmpfs            1982720       0   1982720   0% /sys/firmware
root@ubuntu:/# exit
exit

end of session playback
```

### Filtering Recorded sessions

> Multiple options are available to get recordings from specific days.  The `--from-utc` and `--to-utc` parameters

Reviewer: Don't forget the `--last` flag.

But on second thought - this is a pretty high level page. I would keep this page brief and move a more detailed reference to docs/pages/reference/cli.mdx.

Author: added these in the CLI reference

...
```

# Interactive Recording

Within the Teleport cluster the `ssh` and `Kubernetes` recorded sessions are available for listing and replay for authorized users via `tsh`.
The same listings including Desktops are available in the Web Console under the Audit Log in the Activity section.

> ## List Recordings and Play

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## List and Play Recordings
```

> Get the list of recordings. By default, recordings for the past 24 hours are shown.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, recordings for the past 24 hours are shown.
```

Not sure what value that first sentence added.

> The time range can be customized with the `--last`, `--from-utc`, and `--to-utc` flags.
> ```code

Reviewer 2: Code blocks should have surrounding newlines.

```suggestion
The time range can be customized with the `--last`, `--from-utc`, and `--to-utc` flags.

```code
```
